what's up guys i'm here today i am going
to try out so American candy well at
least I think it's American candy
because it's pretty uncommon here in
Sweden so we've got Kit Kat crunchy we
got double thicker we got our easy
nutbar we have skills this is the only
one I recognized by the name we have
Reese's peanut butter cups I think it's
pretty much the same as the other
Reese's we have mr. Tom and we have the
Milky Bar so this is going to be really
exciting I'm gonna write the chocolate
from one to five we'll announce the
winner after I've tried them all so
let's get going let's start the way the
let's start with mr. Tom this is a kind
of a peanut I think pretty much every
chocolate bar is filled with peanuts all
right mr. Tom let's try it out well it's
very dry is pretty much peanuts and
nothing else um maybe some sugar thing
that's make things stick together yeah
it's not a chocolate but it's only
peanuts but I taste it all right I mean
not like the high score but I'm give it
a two out of five it's still like it's
okay if you're in the peanuts you
probably love it but it's okay next up
is Reese's three peanut butter cups it
looks like cookies from outside the box
or whatever all right this looks like
Christmas candy from Sweden actually all
right let's try it this was actually
really good kinda reminds me of sneakers
and it takes a lot of peanut as well but
the plus side if you compare these
Reese's against the first one mr. Khan I
really prefer the chocolate taste on
this I'll give this a 3 out of 5 it's a
it takes it well Teddy well right next
up is Milky Bar always white chocolate
I'm not a big fan of white chocolate
actually but we'll see
yep that's white chocolate all right wow
like i said i'm not a big fan of white
chocolate you know i love chocolate but
nah this wasn't for me i gave this one
out of five i really hope the others
will deliver i want that five out of
five right let's go with double decker
this is a it's got a car on the yeah
that's that's a good sign I think this
was really good actually bit crunchy on
the bottom and some some you know moist
rig thing chocolate thing on the top
that's probably why it's called double
decker I don't know probably but this
was really good actually the double
decker I gave this cider three or four I
give this a form so for the double
decker has the high score let's go on
KitKat crunchy where kids get here in
Sweden but these crunchy thing I've
never seen before
i'm thinking i'm giving this a 5 or 0 4
but it was this was really good i think
i like this one the most actually that
makes it possible to give it up for this
kid got a got a 5 out of 5 I really
really enjoy the taste of this chocolate
kit kat well to think that they
delivered that much I don't really I
don't have to buy KitKat your own but i
think this crunchy thing this is this
really good actually all right next up
this raises nutbar again I think it's
pretty much the same as the peanut
butter cups just different like looks of
it but we'll see there's also reminds me
of sneakers and our big fan of sneakers
action kind like kind of like this hold
on the kid yet I just like this got a
five as well so we got two in the top
the KitKat crunchy and the Reese's
nutbar we're on to the last let's see if
this can get the five out of five as
well that would be a pretty boring you'd
like to read five out of five I didn't
think I would do that but we'll see we
will see skittles right like these tiny
little things
it's showing them no I kind of like the
taste but it's a bit too shooing down
for me I wouldn't buy this I'll give
this a two-out all out of 5 I like the
taste but i'm still chewing like it
doesn't Adam so it's more cheering off
of me let's do a quick recap mr. Tong
got a two out of five races this is this
Buttercup just you got a three or five
my least favorite was the Milky Bar
white chocolates I'm sorry if you like
white chocolate probably love this but
it's not for me I'm sorry the double
decker actually got a 4 out of 5 the kid
can't got a five the reason that water
was my bar none by heart but it was the
best one this was a solid five really I
don't even know the word for English but
you know it's it's creamy it's filled
with chocolate peanuts and yeah it was
really good i recommend this getting get
this Reese's nut bar and the skittles I
got a two so that's my American can be
tryout thing if you want me to do more
of these if you got some some special
chocolate or anything candy ish from
your country just recommend me and I'll
do similar list to your home your home
country suites and anyway thank watching
guys please subscribe to my youtube
channel I follow me on my social media
the links in the description and thank
watching hey guys peace